java c Mathematical Biology Homework Assignment 5 2024–25 Please submit solutions to the following two questions as Homework Assignment 5 by 16:00pm on Monday, November 25, 2024. I. Consider the reaction-diﬀusion equation

under the additional conditions that u(0, t) = 0 = ∂x/∂u (π, t), where a is some positive constant. (a) Assuming that Equation (1) admits separable solutions of the form u(x, t) = X(x)T(t), show that X(x) and T(t) have to satisfy the diﬀerential equations X'' = λX and T˙ = (λ - a)T, (2) where λ is a real constant. (b) Solve Equation (2) for the functions X(x) and T(t) under the given conditions. (c) Deduce that any function of the form. with n = 0, 1, 2, . . . and Cn constant, is a solution for (1). II. The Burgers-Fisher-Kolmogorov-Petrowskii-Piscounov (FKPP) advection-reaction- diﬀusion equation can be written in rescaled form. as ut + kuux = uxx + u(1 - u), 代 写Mathematical Biology Homework Assignment 5 2024–25Java 代做程序编程语言 (4) where k > 0 is a real constant. (a) Determine the homogeneous – i.e. time- and space-independent – rest states of Equation (4) (b) Let z = x - ct, with c positive, and derive the travelling wave equation corre- sponding to (4) that is satisﬁed by U(z). (c) Rewrite that equation as the ﬁrst-order systemU, = V, (5a)V, = -cV + kUV - U(1 - U); (5b)
then, determine the equilibria thereof, and decide their stability. (d) Given your ﬁndings in item (c), deduce that monotonic front solutions to (4) only exist for c > 2. (e) Verify that, for c = 2/k + k/2 with k > 2, a heteroclinic connection between the equilibria of (4) is given explicitly byV(U) = -2/KU(1 - U) (6)

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
